== Storeys

The source code for http://www.storeys.me

== Installation
Your best bet is to use Capistrano to deploy Storeys to thin. Use ``config/deploy.rb.sample``, updating the paths and URLs as required, then renaming this to ``config/deploy.rb``. (You can also deploy to passenger using ``config/deploy_passenger.rb.sample``, although websockets won't be supported.)

Some configuration will be required to get Websockets working properly if you're reverse proxying to thin. In particular, ``your_storeys_url/websocket`` must be properly reverse-proxied, something nginx can't do just yet as it doesn't support server-side HTTP 1.1 in the way we want. For example, you might consider placing varnish in front of nginx and reverse proxy that particular URL directly to thin, and letting nginx reverse proxy all other urls to thin.

-- Other Notes
* You might need to run ``bundle update`` on the server.
* Remember to create ``shared/pids`` and ``shared/logs`` in your application directory.

== The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2012 Justin Cheng

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.